README.md, before:

# CAS Mobile App Development - iOS Development

## Part 1 (Sep 29)

### 1. AdderObjC

A simple, single view controller app that adds two integers in Objective-C.

### 2. Cocoapods

A simple webbrowser using a 3rd party Cocoapod.

### 3. AdderObjC+Swift

The simple ObjC Adder from before but now with the logic part being written in Swift.

### 4. UserDefaults

Persist some values and read them again.

### 5. UserDefaults_InterfaceBuilder

Persist user input and survive the app getting killed.

### 6. UnitTesting_Adder

Add unit tests to our Swift Adder class (no UI here).


## Part 2 (Oct 6)

### 1. Debugging

An incomplete project with tab bar navigation that crashes at runtime and needs to be fixed.

### 2. Interface Builder

Demonstrating two different ways of positioning elements to fit various screen sizes using interface builder.

### 3. Animations

Simple animations using UIView's Core Animation properties.

### 4. Navigation

Navigate between view controllers using Interface Builder and Segues.


## Part 3 (Oct 13)

### 1. PassingData

Pass data from one view controller to the next

### 2. UI Testing

Our famous *Adder* project now with UI Tests.

Commit message:

Initial project for showing localization

README.md, after:

# CAS Mobile App Development - iOS Development

## Part 1 (Sep 29)

### 1. AdderObjC

A simple, single view controller app that adds two integers in Objective-C.

### 2. Cocoapods

A simple webbrowser using a 3rd party Cocoapod.

### 3. AdderObjC+Swift

The simple ObjC Adder from before but now with the logic part being written in Swift.

### 4. UserDefaults

Persist some values and read them again.

### 5. UserDefaults_InterfaceBuilder

Persist user input and survive the app getting killed.

### 6. UnitTesting_Adder

Add unit tests to our Swift Adder class (no UI here).


## Part 2 (Oct 6)

### 1. Debugging

An incomplete project with tab bar navigation that crashes at runtime and needs to be fixed.

### 2. Interface Builder

Demonstrating two different ways of positioning elements to fit various screen sizes using interface builder.

### 3. Animations

Simple animations using UIView's Core Animation properties.

### 4. Navigation

Navigate between view controllers using Interface Builder and Segues.


## Part 3 (Oct 13)

### 1. PassingData

Pass data from one view controller to the next.

### 2. UI Testing

Our famous *Adder* project now with UI Tests.

### 3. Localization

Translating the *Adder* project into different languages.
